1)   What are the characteristics of software?

a. Software is developed or engineered; it is not manufactured in the classical sense.
b. Software doesn’t “ wear out ”.
c. Software can be custom built or custom build.
d. All mentioned above
Answer  Explanation 
2)   Compilers, Editors software come under which type of software?

a. System software
b. Application software
c. Scientific software
d. None of the above.
Answer  Explanation 
3)   Software Engineering is defined as systematic, disciplined and quantifiable approach for the development, operation and maintenance of software.

a. True
b. False


Answer  Explanation 
4)   RAD Software process model stands for _____ .

a. Rapid Application Development.
b. Relative Application Development.
c. Rapid Application Design.
d. Recent Application Development.
Answer  Explanation 
5)   Software project management comprises of a number of activities, which contains  _________.

a. Project planning
b. Scope management
c. Project estimation
d. All mentioned above
Answer  Explanation 
6)   COCOMO stands for ______ .

a. COnsumed COst MOdel
b. COnstructive COst MOdel
c. COmmon COntrol MOdel
d. COmposition COst MOdel
Answer  Explanation 
7)   Which of the following is not defined in a good Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document?

a. Functional Requirement.
b. Nonfunctional Requirement.
c. Goals of implementation.
d. Algorithm for software implementation.
Answer  Explanation 
8)   What is the simplest model of software development paradigm?

a. Spiral model
b. Big Bang model
c. V-model
d. Waterfall model
Answer  Explanation 
9)   Which of the following is the understanding of software product limitations, learning system related problems or changes to be done in existing systems beforehand, identifying and addressing the impact of project on organization and personnel etc?

a. Software Design
b. Feasibility Study
c. Requirement Gathering
d. System Analysis
Answer  Explanation 
10)   Which design identifies the software as a system with many components interacting with each other?

a. Architectural design
b. High-level design
c. Detailed design
d. Both B & C
